Final changes to version 0.3 (#315)
presslabs/mysql-operator: docs/operator-upgrades.md

6. Now you can upgrade your nodes, as well.
7. Enjoy!

## v0.3.x upgrade

> This version works on Kubernetes grater or equal with `1.11`. The upgrade should be done on staging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version requires at least Kubernetes `1.11`. The upgrade should be tried on a staging environment
```

first because it's with downtime. It requires the deletion of the statefulset and recreation of it.

> The reason behind is that we changed the headless service name (which is an invariant statefulset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason behind is that we changed the headless service name (which is an immutable statefulset
```
